## Lecture1



### Intro

All the traffic data will be videos, so we need to utilize & understand the data

But too much data to be handled by human

 

### History of Computer Vision

>  We need to understand the History and the Context first, as always 💥

 

##### Where it came from? When did it start? Where are we now?

Evolution onset is the ```vision```, which is biggest sensory system especially in intelligent kinds

 

##### Mechanism of vision

> What is it like in primates?

Start from the simple one

: Oriental edges -> get complex : object recognition,  etc.

 

> Deconstruct visual process

__*Reduce complexity and replace it with simplicities*__

1. input image
2. edge image
3. 2+1/2D sketch : local surface orientation, discontinuities in depth
4. 3D model

 

##### Computer Vision

> Algorithms and Fields

Supporting vector machine,  etc.

to

- Object recognition

  👇 goes to

- object segmentation : Graph theory algorithm

- Face recognition : the most important thing for humans
- Real-time face detection

- Feature-based object recognition

- Transfer / Match an entire object to entire object with different features

 

> Dataset

Benchmark dataset enables us to measure the progress of object recognition

Visual data : *complex*, *high dimension* of input, *many parameters* to fit, hard to *generalize*

- PASCAL

- IMAGENET

    👉 harder question

  - to recognize *almost all of the objects in the world*
  - biggest dataset which pushed forward the object algorithm!
  - Overfitting
  
  👉 how has it been done

  * Data - WordNet - sort, clean, label each image

***

__*2012*__ : ‘deep learning’ starts



### Image Classification

Big applicable potential



##### Visual Recognition problems

- object detection
- Action classification
- Image captioning



##### Tools

Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)

- AlexNet // SuperVision

  👇 Getting deeper and deeper

- VGG : 19 layers

- ResNet : 152 layers

👉 keep **Tweaking** the algorithm for the better result

 

##### when did it start?

**1998** start of this evolution

then 💥 **2012**

> Things helped this evolution
>
> 1. Algorithm (CNN)
> 2. HW(GPUs)
> 3. data (ImageNet)



##### Goals

- Build machine to see like humans
- Every pixel : ```what``` they are doing in the image
- Humans : ```Imagination```, Gives a story to just stopped image, Understand the story of the image



##### Applications

- Medical diagnosis
- Robotics
- Self-driving cars

***

✨

#### Core is back to digging humans’ intelligence

***

>  *ref: Deep Learning by Goodfellow*

